[Music]
and tomorrow I'll stay because I'll
wake up in the sit
in tweets but tomorrow I'll wake up in
the heat and my head will last and I'll be
tired of well what has happened here what has
happened here that I wake up very bad
in the mornings that in the mornings it's not
my day I don't know what
in the morning I always wake up terrible and of
course it's normal if you give me here in the
live shows at 4 in the morning which is already and
now the record uploads the extracts airs you
have to send me the thumbnail there's
Paula or whoever write to her air we
did one about laser laser wants to be a
friend of my area
[Music] I
hope you
support them the videos video on the
main channel about the show cat
about the crash video on the
main channel look at it okay before I
leave the main channel it
will be one of the last videos okay
I get up and I had already uploaded 10 videos
interest at zero total total total
and I have to upload others today before
going to bed so I still have
here until 5 to 6 listen to my family
something happened to silver
silver no  I know how to pronounce it if the
green thing is a youtuber who is
squeezing it a lot dude it
's a youtube
that's
good I don't know exactly what he does I
think he plays I don't know what he
literally does the
'pitu' see is an über beat because he makes
videos with
an avatar
with an avatar of that weird doll not
silver
and he's breaking it
[Music]
don't even tell me how I end up here kid it
looks very sunny but not even you looking for
food band because if not we're going to
die
e
but how does he do that what
happened I do
n't know but the thing is that they
stole okay or the little rat I imagine that I
'm using no today is not the best of
days since it is not the release that we
were waiting for the programmer who
worked with us decided to steal
absolutely everything raised in the
mind or of the rats
and fraud from another project in which
he was involved
I find out about the rats what it means
can you tell me I
uploaded some stories for the stories
now but you can follow me it means
everything raised in the mountain or of the
rats
rats is his in ft other with the ft okay they
stole them  solanas from the ft portfolio
that was going to take out hosts
I want to inform you that I silver and such
one of the creators of other
defrauded projects are going to make sure that
this project continues the first
step to take is that you
racks that already bought your nfc can go
to a safe place and claim the amount
of nfc that you have bought from a
secure smartphone truck and of which
we will have custody lesson
learned information about these the
next steps in the next few days we
are going to continue with everything free to
us we are going to finance the money in
our wallets so calm down I
mean the money that you have lost
they are going to put it out
of their pocket as long as everything is
correct you are the community remains
standing and moves forward thanks for the
support and sorry for what happened with the
dt
because anyone trusts these
little things it was not this bastard
because this
bastard already closed the account and his trail will disappear from the internet okay I already told you know I do not get into the history of efe all those moves because I do not know it well and I know how it works or anything we have already been talking about nfts in the click  that we have gone
up from the euro and the truth is what I
said
[Music] they
are digital investments but I don't have
the impossibility that it is the purpose
of what is the purpose of speculating with
those things
but well
so I think that they are going to be very fashionable
over the years and that almost all
youtubers and people will have their own I don't
know what the original big list of
this man is a bs
okay he
already has an instagram
but they don't show his face so he has
an instagram where to put this
original thing that you [ __ ] also the living
where I breathe through the tail but it has happened
where they go if you want I am not going to be
in the hands of the old women in my
last life of the same being I was already a good
womanizer I am not now I
dedicate myself to sciences to science
mathematics to the attiyah of big bands to
all that hair
[Music]
but I am not going to try the
problem
[Music] I
mean it is the sonisphere made [ __ ] the
nac what is the original name
so
87 his doll will be recognized on the
street
girls
[Music]
ah
there it goes, it's staying
in black and white, man,
it's in decline but in styles you don't see
the face, it's public it's already known on his
face, okay, okay, but man, why didn't I
do them in color? How handsome would he have been? What he
did with my pastor and with my pastor and
tattoo percent this month and the one who's
coming in tattooing pastor and
pastorita, all look at them if you want to get a
tattoo you're leaving my part, in addition to the fact that
the [ __ ] management is also recorded live, kid,
if you want to get a tattoo or call pastor and I
really mean it,
kid, call pastor and a tattoo for your
whole [ __ ] life, it's your skin, you
can't change your skin, you can't do it. I
regret not having my whole body
tattooed because of her, you
're watching de sotillo, she
tells us,
quiet, the 10 sense,
tattoos
are crazy, god, they
looked at the guys, it doesn't make sense, well,
nothing, well, they robbed this guy, I don't
really understand how they can steal
some NFCs, I imagine that he was the one who
had access to the entire wallet.  I
ran all the solanas that now
that they take it is that they have been stolen so I
feel so sorry for the people who have
lost the money pastor and there is you
follow it but you act alone cartoon does not
have much style but I do not want to go
passing by because it might be that it has
some image of some tattoo that is
nude or something okay but they looked pastor
and underscore there is you look at them okay
follow the one from me hey I want to tattoo myself I
say to myself even if I have to travel
even if you have to travel seriously
[Music]
the skin is one and if you have children from an
appointment of three months make an appointment
the tattoo is for life man
look
do something like that do something right do not
do [ __ ] that nothing family that I do
not know the truth
how can take care of that more than
paying the money to people
return money to people but well
a [ __ ] a [ __ ] because that is going to
be that people evidently who
are already distrustful with the issue of the ene
efe texts other things
then trust less trust less and
nothing family that's it for
today's live one moment we go that  I'm going to
do some root to put another one
no
[Music]